<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_jf1_bt2_bdc">
    <title>Chapter 5 – Apart</title>
    <shortdesc>Rampia and Prince Charming wander in the wilderness.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>Rampia wandered in the woods for a very long time. Her hair grew out again, now brushing
            her back, and she wore it tied up in a knot. <ph audience="children">She lived on her
                own in the wilderness, just happy to be free despite the difficulties. She loved
                sleeping in hollow trees at night and foraging for berries during the day.</ph><ph
                audience="adults"> She lived on her own in the wilderness, fighting for survival
                against animals and the elements. She hid in hollow trees at night, and spent her
                days hoping the berries she picked were not poisonous.</ph> She looked for her
            prince as she traveled, but she could not find him.</p>
        <p>After a while, Rampia encountered a new <ph audience="children">blessing.</ph>
            <ph audience="adults">curse.</ph> She gave birth to a pair of beautiful twins, a boy and
            a girl. The boy had the prince's dark curls, while the girl's hair was golden like hers.
            She wished even more to find Prince Charming now, so that <ph audience="children">he
                could meet his children.</ph><ph audience="adults"> she would not be alone.</ph> The
            three of them continued to wander, trying to find any place to stay.</p>
        <p>The prince also wandered, <ph audience="children">forlorn and wishing to see his love.
                </ph><ph audience="adults"> blind and helpless.</ph> He longed to find his way back
            to the tower and to Rampia, but he could not find his way. His face was burned by the
            sun, his dark hair dirtier than it had ever been.</p>
        <p>One day, Rampia found her way back to the tower. She blinked in disbelief, amazed to see
            it again. It held good memories for her<ph audience="adults">, despite what she now knew
                about the woman who had claimed to be her mother</ph>. In the distance, she saw a
            figure drawing nearer, and she knew in an instant that it was her prince. Rampia began
            to run.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
